refactor: :recycle: expand on merge strategy section of admin (#260)
seedcase-project/team: how-we-work/admin.qmd

most part, this document is only relevant to the team leader or if
someone else has taken those admin responsibilities.

We use a set of custom commands to help with some of the admin tasks.
These commands are found in our
[`spaid`](https://github.com/seedcase-project/spaid) repository.

This includes commands to:

-   Create repository rulesets to protect our branches.
-   Set basic settings for our repositories.

> -   Create a GitHub repository from a local one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Create a GitHub repository from a local Git repository.
```

decide which kind of merge to perform on topic branches, we follow these
general guidelines:

-   **Squash:** Only those with atomic PRs. Atomic PRs are those that
    only include "self-contained changes" that are independent and fully
    functional on their own. E.g., a single feature and the accompanying
    tests or a bug fix. This way, if we accidentally introduced a bug,
    it would be easy to reverse that change.

-   **Rebase:** Commits or PRs that have `build` and `chore` types as
    well as `sync` scopes (which usually fall under `chore` type). We
    use rebase since we don't really care about the history and we don't
    care if the PR number is included in the commit message.

-   **Merge:** Non-atomic/other PRs (or if the PR title starts with
    `chore: :twisted_rightwards_arrows:`). We generally avoid this

>     unless we have a good reason to do so. This is because merge commits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    strategy unless we have a good reason to do it. This is because merge commits
```
